Reliable access to database models while observer is processing database changes (#3305)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: CHANGELOG.md

### 🔄 Changed
- Dropped iOS 12 support [#3285](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/3285)
- Increase QoS for `Throttler` and `Debouncer` to `utility` [#3295](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/issues/3295)

> - Reliable access to database models while observer is processing database changes [#3304](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/issues/3304)

Reviewer: WDYT about this:
```suggestion
- Reliable access to data when accessing it in controllers completion calls [#3304](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/issues/3304)
```

> - Fetch database items immediately if the initial fetch has not finished in background database observers [#3304](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/issues/3304)

Reviewer: It probably does not make sense to provide a changelog entry 🤔 This is just implementation details. What does the customer gain with this?

Author: Probably makes sense, all of this is internal details. I'll remove it.

Reviewer 2: It can actually be useful - but re-worded in a way that now you can reliably access database items immediately.

Author: Tried to reword it

Author: Reworded it again. WDYT?

Author: The most generic version I could think of:
`Improve reliability of accessing database models`
